# theCatCried

The expression "the cat cried" is a Ukrainian phraseology that means a small amount of something. This phrase was chosen as funny for the first project on the Rails framework because it is a personal financial manager. The need for a new way of earning prompted me to start mastering a new profession. The phrase "money like a cat cried" is the most common use of this phraseology.

Because it was my first project and before started learning Ruby and RoR I did not know anything about Git, I made backups development of the project in daily archives. About Git and GitHub in the course was one lecture, but for me, it was not enough to feel like a confident user. That's why, I made daily archives with stages of my project development. At the end of the course, I published the release in "theCatCried" repository with the commit "deadline is coming". This was enough to complete the course, but not enough to get a further internship at the company. My level of knowledge turned out to be weaker than that of other candidates. This failure did not make me lose faith in myself and I continued to study.

Even while studying the Ruby course, it became clear that I needed to learn some basics needed for development work, so after finishing it I took courses from "the Linux Foundation" on the basics Linux and Git. After they ended I understood that my project "theCatCried" looked like it was not my work but only published someone else's work. Because in repository does not have all development stages - only the result and a few next commits. But I have my daily archives and I can publish them in a new repository with the same frequency as it was in the project development. In this way, I will show the main stages of past development and the further development of the project will continue in this repository. Since the course was only about the basic concepts of RoR, not everything possible in the Rails project was done.